(1)  What are the benefits of using CSS?
Ans. 1) Faster Page Speed
     2) Better User Experience.
     3) Quicker Development Time. 
     4) Easy Formatting Changes. 
     5) Compatibility Across Devices.


(2)  What are the disadvantages of CSS?
Ans. CSS, CSS 1 up to CSS3, result in creating of confusion among web browsers. 
     With CSS, what works with one browser might not always work with another. 
     There exists a scarcity of security.
     After making the changes we need to confirm the compatibility if they appear.

(3)  What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
Ans. Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, 
     CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules, which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle.
     With CSS3, the designers can now use special fonts, like those available in Google Fonts and Typecast. 

(4)  Name a few CSS style components
Ans. Selector: class name, id name or element name that is target
     Attribute: name of the attribute you want to style for example border, color,background, position etc.
     Value of Property: value that will be assigned to attribute.

(5)  What do you understand by CSS opacity?
Ans. The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. 
     Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency.

(6)  How can the background color of an element be changed?
Ans. Set a background color for a document: body. 
     Set a background color of a specific <div> element.

(7)  How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
Ans. To control the repetition of an image in the background, use the background-repeat property. 
     You can use no-repeat value for the background-repeat property if you do not want to repeat an image, in this case, the image will display only once.

(8)  What is the use of the background-position property?
Ans. The background-position CSS property sets the initial position for each background image. The position is relative to the position layer set by background-origin.
     background-position: top;
     background-position: bottom;
     background-position: left;
     background-position: right;
     background-position: center;

(9)  Which property controls the image scroll in the background?
Ans. The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

(10) Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
Ans. There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of style sheets. 
     The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.

(11) How to center block elements using CSS1?
Ans. With css the way to center anything that's a block level element is with the margin property.
     One of the values of margin is auto and by setting auto on the left and right margin our block level element will center itself.


(12) How to maintain the CSS specifications?
Ans. The Specification defines how CSS properties should be implemented by browser vendors along with detailed algorithms, 
     code samples and tabular information. The Specification also include: The syntax and data types of the language. Detailed explanation on CSS Selectors.

(13) What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
Ans. CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways:

     Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements
     Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section
     External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file

(14) What is embedded style sheets?
Ans. Embedded style sheets are defined in the <head> section of an HTML document using the <style> tag.
     You can define any number of <style> elements inside the <head> section.

(15) What are the external style sheets?
Ans. An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage.
     Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet. The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.

(16)  What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
Ans.  Advantages of External CSS:

     Since the CSS code is in a separate document, 
     your HTML files will have a cleaner structure and are smaller in size. You can use the same . css file for multiple pages.

     Disadvantages of external CSS:

     Extra download is needed to import documents having style information.
     To render the document, the external style sheet should be loaded. Not practical for small style definitions.

(17) What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
Ans. A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. 
     It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values 
     inside the rule applied to them.

(18) What are the media types allowed by CSS?
Ans. One of the most important features of style sheets is that they specify how a document is to be presented on different media: on the screen,
     on paper, with a speech synthesizer, with a braille device, etc.

(19) What is the rule set?
Ans. A CSS rule set contains one or more selectors and one or more declarations. The selector(s), which in this example is h1 ,
     points to an HTML element. The declaration(s), which in this example are color: blue and text-align: center style the element with a property and value.